where's army under this seal
thank you for helping me reach here
now you should go you want me to go just
like I come get back I've got this
I cannot lose you again father no I beg
of you Father
he thinks who are protecting her
Wow
not for you
no father no
let's get out of here
come on
I think we need a better plan
that was a better plan
you think
dawn
what are these things Armand
what
are you crazy
Oh
I am your
any more of your relatives gonna try and
kill us or is it just your father who
wants to end the world do you think I
wanted any of this well what do we do
now presuming the Great God of Darkness
doesn't just squish us flat he can't
have escaped yet not fully the temple
must still have the power to contain him
something's happened to the fertile
grounds if we can get to them we might
be able to stop arm and escaping the
fertilizer this land was felt to keep
Armand here these areas feed the temple
with life energy the temple feeds the
tree we have to stop him we have to get
out of here fine Ron but you're not
going to get very far ah I was on my way
home I had more gold than you couldn't
I'd have had wine women I'd have had
carpets this thing now I'm stuck with an
angry god and a crazy woman all right
which one of these things do we need to
do whatever to
we can't reach the fertile grounds in
these areas we need to
I can't reach them anyway we'll have to
get to these four I ever find that
donkey carpets this thing this thing